.
[both speaking Spanish]
[knock at door]
- What's up, dog?
Buenos días, Miss Torres.
It's good to see you
on your feet.
Looking good.
Everything okay?
- Yeah.
Bye, Ma.
- Adiós.
- First day back and
my transmission goes out again.
- Oh, you were off?
Nobody even noticed.
How do you feel
getting back to it?
- Good. It's a reset.
I can start over again,
do it right.
- Speaking of resets,
Ruzek popped the question
again.
- What? Did he?
- Patrol requesting an assist.
Black Fusion just took off
on them during a traffic stop.
Vehicle last seen
in the vicinity
of Franklin and Washington.
- We're right on top of that.
Yeah, take it.
[engine revving]
[dramatic music]
What was that?
- Okay, okay. Black Fusion.
I got them. I got them.
- 5021 Ocean,
we got eyes on the Fusion
heading eastbound on Lake
at a high rate of speed.
We're joining the chase.
[engine revving]
[tires squealing]
* *
Offenders now eastbound
on Lower Wacker.
- 10-4, 50-21 Ocean.
Keep calling it out.
- Okay, this guy's
going really fast.
We need units.
Still on Lower Wacker
maintaining eastbound.
- Ocean, be advised.
The 11th and 10th Districts
have been notified
of the chase.
People are heading your way.
* *
- He took a turn
on South Water.
We got a blind up ahead.
[horn blares]
[tense music]
- Chicago Police!
- Chicago Police, hands up!
- Chicago PD!
Everybody,
let me know you're okay!
- Stay in the truck!
- Chicago PD!
Hey, get out, get low,
and get behind my car.
Hurry up, hurry up!
* *
- DOA.
Ocean, scratch that ambo.
We got a DOA on impact.
We need Major Accidents.
- Copy, 50-21 Ocean.
- Ocean.
- Yo.
- Now we know why
he was running.
- Died for a couple bricks
of heroin, huh?
* *
.
- All right,
what do we know about him?
- License says he's
Trey Rivera, 22, no priors.
Patrol went to his last
known address to verify.
Grandmother was home.
- Hey, how's your mom?
She okay?
- She's okay.
Yeah.
Said he was a good kid.
- Huh.
- Yeah.
- The vehicle's
registered to who?
- No one--linked
to a non-existent address.
- Car's filled
with high-grade heroin.
There's a clavo
behind the gas tank.
There's two more kilos
on the right side.
- That's gotta
be a quarter mil.
He's working for a major DTO.
Any idea who?
- No, not yet.
You know they disabled the GPS.
All we got is PODs
and traffic cams.
- All right, so let's run
everything we can
about this kid.
Find out who he ran for,
who he died for.
Welcome back.
- Rafael Perez, 59,
known head of an operating DTO
out of Little Village.
- Our kid was working
for Rafael Perez?
- Yes, sir.
PODs show Trey's vehicle
all over Perez's territory.
OCD also confirmed that he's
a known associate of Perez.
- Huh.
- Perez has been a known target
for, what, six years?
- Eight.
Narcotics worked him
for mass trafficking
and three suspected homicides.
Never been close
to making a case.
They can't build
their way up to him.
- Guy works alone or in person.
Always uses a burner.
He has a very tight,
loyal crew.
- Looks like they're
all younger or family.
No one's ever flipped on him.
- The man also
keeps a low profile.
He's got no socials,
nothing in his name,
rents a modest home through
a shell corp with his wife.
Gloria Perez, 39, no priors.
She's Señora Perez
number three.
They got no kids.
The man's on lock.
- But we might have an in
on Trey.
According to his credit report,
Trey worked at Ultra Motors,
a garage run by Perez's nephew,
Eric Medina.
- Perez is selling
his dope from there.
- And he just lost a runner.
- Hmm.
- I can get under.
- Tough play.
- I know.
But I know these guys.
Hell, I am these guys.
I can get under.
- [whistles] Classy.
- [chuckles] Thanks.
- Give you seven grand, cash.
- Oh, no, I'm not--
I'm not selling.
I was hoping to lend
one of your lifts
so I can fix my transmission.
- I only let employees
use my lifts.
- Hey, look,
I'm good in garages.
You can ask my boy, Trey.
He works here.
- You know Trey?
- Yeah, since kindergarten.
- You didn't hear?
- What?
- He died yesterday.
Bad car wreck.
- What?
What the hell happened?
Was he--
Was he running?
We used to run together, bro.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Who are you running for now?
- No one.
[scoffs]
Why do you think
I'm fixing my own ride?
[chuckles]
Why?
Are you looking for someone?
- Nope.
Sorry to be the one
to break the news, man.
- Yeah. Hey, thanks.
- Yo, wait.
What the hell?
Give me your license.
If it checks out,
you can use the lift,
but you're paying by the hour,
only using when we're closed.
- Yeah.
[suspenseful music]
* *
[lift whirring]
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
- [groans]
- I think this is our guy.
Pretty sure this dude
just got high.
- Hmm.
Wouldn't be surprised.
- Yo, Fuentes.
- Yo--
- Let's go for a ride.
- Where are we going?
- Don't matter.
Come on, let's go.
- All right, let me just
get the car down first, yeah?
* *
- I think we're on. Let's go.
- Get out.
- What is this place?
* *
Yo, seriously,
what are we doing here?
- Yo, come on.
We're going that way.
So you from Chicago, Eddie?
- South Chicago.
- Who ran there when
you were a shorty?
- Las Pirañas.
- Names.
- Bobby Cruz.
- He's doing good.
- What was your
elementary school?
- Sacred Heart.
* *
- That's the one with
that big-ass mural, right?
What was that?
- Madonna.
- Madonna?
That answer right?
- I don't know.
Wasn't in his portfolio
unless he researched it.
- Get in.
* *
- What's your Zodiac sign, Ed?
- Are you kidding me? Aries.
- Now close your eyes.
- I'm not closing my eyes.
- [sighs]
Son of a bitch.
- Close your eyes.
* *
[elevator doors clank open]
Open up.
Yo, come on.
[upbeat dance music playing]
* *
Follow me. This way.
- [rapping in Spanish]
* *
- I'm sorry.
You okay?
- Eddie!
Come on.
* *
Wait here.
- Hi.
- Don't worry.
It's not two-way.
They can't see in.
- A dance is more than enough.
- I don't dance.
* *
- Wait. Just slow down.
- This is my job.
That's what Eric pays me for.
And if you were a cop,
you wouldn't let me have
my way with you.
You lose your job
if you touch me.
[Ruzek sighs]
- Just stop. Just stop.
I'm not with women who
don't want it.
- I want this.
- No. Don't lie to me, okay?
Look, you can tell Eric
whatever you want.
I don't use women like this.
[tense music]
* *
- Mm.
[thumping dance music playing]
* *
- Eric.
- What's up, baby?
[tense music]
- Yo, boss, I'm gonna have
you meet my guy, Eddie Fuentes.
He's our new Trey.
[Ruzek sighs]
- [inaudible]
* *
.
- Yo.
You wanted me here at 9:00.
[chuckling] It's 9:00.
- [sighs] Okay.
Yeah. Gold star.
Just don't yell, bro.
Since police got Trey's stash,
we got no good dope.
Dude lost six bricks.
We're running stepped-on skag
till our next shipment
comes in.
- When's that?
[faucet running]
- Mm, couple days.
[sighs]
Skunk's wack, but we
gotta move it the same.
- Am I gonna be
moving the new shipment?
- Hell, no.
You're starting small.
[metallic clattering]
[speaking Spanish]
Just moving what we got now.
Oh, Jesus.
Ugh, it's so bright.
[sighs]
All right, so first up
is a car switch.
Car plates and address
are in the glove box.
Leave this car at the address,
pick up the other car.
Should be real easy.
Hey.
Spring coils sound shot again.
- Hey.
Don't you ever touch my car.
How many times do
I have to tell you that?
- Yo, I'm just here helping.
- Well, I don't need your help.
Here.
Some pens and printing ink
and cleaner
so this place doesn't
smell like a urinal.
- You get me pineapple
for my hangover?
- Take a shower.
- Yeah, yeah, I'm a screw-up,
everyone hates me,
I smell so bad.
Love you, Tía.
- What?
You don't talk now?
- You always babysit?
- Oh, he does talk.
Yes, I babysit when it's a baby
Eric barely vetted.
- Oh, okay.
So Eric ain't as in charge
as he fronts, huh?
- Okay, there's the car.
Up ahead to the right.
- What? It's wrong?
[tense music]
* *
- Ambrose?
[pounds on door]
I know you're in there.
- I thought we were
just switching cars.
What's up?
- What do you want?
You can't just come in--
- Your cash is light.
- Hell it is.
- By 20.
- Police got the primo.
I know that.
I ain't paying full
for no stepped-on sham.
- Yeah, you are.
Give me the 20.
- Get out.
- I said--
- Get out my house, bitch.
- Not until you pay.
* *
- You heard her. Pay.
- [grunts]
[groans] Mattress.
Kid's bed.
- Let him up, bro.
* *
- Okay. What?
- She didn't put the money
in the trap.
- No.
- He caught that, right?
* *
- What the hell was that?
[engine turns over]
- She is clearly more involved
in the trafficking
than we thought.
- Hmm.
- Stop staring at me. Eat.
- Why are we here?
- I told you--I'm hungry,
and my husband's not expecting
me home for another hour.
You Mexican?
- Guatemalan.
- Hmm.
Well, eat, 'cause you're gonna
wish you were Mexican.
[Torres chuckles]
Mm?
- I forgot napkins.
- No. Sit.
I'm gonna get them.
Just eat, please.
[speaking Spanish indistinctly]
- You're right.
Food's really good.
- Right?
- Mm-hmm.
- The owner is from the
same town that I grew up in.
- I thought you were
from Chicago.
- [chuckles] You're letting
my husband's money fool you.
He likes me to look like
a rich American bitch.
- Can I ask you a question?
- Mm-hmm.
- What was that in there?
- The job.
- No. Not that part.
Why didn't you
put the 20 in the trap?
- Are you accusing me
of skimming?
- Are you?
[Gloria clears throat]
[soft tense music]
* *
[tray crashes loudly]
- I don't need you fat.
When I went by the shop,
Eric said you were still out.
- Yeah, I was checking out
Eric's new guy.
We did a car switch.
Turned out well.
- You're the new guy?
Is that right?
Todo bien?
- Todo bien.
- Mm.
Come on, let's go.
* *
.
- We can use her.
It'll let us
skip all the way up to Perez.
- Explain.
- Gloria's not just
some cartel trophy wife.
She's in real deep.
- Torres managed
to get Gloria's burner number.
We pinged it.
Every day, her phone pings
at multiple drug corners
across Perez's territory
and at Ultra Motors daily.
- Best guess, she's keeping
the dealers in line.
- Perez is using her
like a shield.
He's controlling her and
hurting her, and she hates it.
She wants out.
- How do you know that?
- I saw it, and...
I know what it looks like.
- We dug into Perez's ex-wives.
- Mm.
- Wife number one
did three stays at a hospital
for falling, then fell off the
radar right after he left her.
No credit. No LKAs.
The woman just disappeared.
- Mm.
- Wife number two allegedly
committed suicide
after 15 years with him.
In each case, the next wife
was waiting in the wings.
- Huh.
- Gloria must know
her time's up.
She knows
he's moving on from her.
- I think
it's already happened.
She wants out, Sarge.
She's the perfect CI waiting
to happen, and I can flip her.
She can get us into
that shipment in two nights.
Hand us Perez.
- Huh.
[knock at door]
- What are you doing here?
- I came to check in on you.
- Why?
- After yesterday, I wanted
to make sure you're okay.
- [scoffing] I'm fine.
- Good.
Then we can finish talking
about the 20k you stole.
[Gloria scoffs]
I can talk about it with you
or with someone else.
- Are you kidding me?
- No.
Come on, let's walk.
[suspenseful music]
* *
- Where are we going?
[sighs]
I don't know who
you think you are.
- Sure, you do.
That's why you rode with me
yesterday, right?
Thought I was a chump,
I wouldn't notice you stealing?
- Yes.
* *
- Ruz, we're gonna have
to break into the Rover.
How we looking?
- I wanna help you.
- Torres is still working her.
Go ahead.
- Go for it.
- All right.
[car alarm blaring]
[car alarm shuts off]
- Yeah, you guys are good.
We got no reaction out here.
* *
- I saw the way your husband
treated you yesterday.
- Oh, is that so?
- Same way my stepdad
treated my ma.
- You don't know me.
- No, but I could.
- Hmm.
[chuckles]
Is that what you're gonna do?
You're gonna get to know me
and help me
get out of this place?
* *
- Hmm. Okay.
Okay.
[grunts]
What's that?
- Can you hold this?
- Yeah.
- You're skimming
so you can get out, right?
An escape fund?
You're gonna need muscle,
and I can be that for you.
Get you what you need faster.
- Why would you do that?
- For a cut.
* *
- Got cash.
- [exhales] Okay.
- Did you help your ma get out?
- Yes.
- How did you get her out?
- It doesn't matter.
- Yes, it does.
Is--is your stepdad
still around?
[notification chimes]
What?
What? What's going on?
- Gloria Perez, Chicago PD.
You're under arrest.
I need you to back up,
turn around,
hands behind your back
right now.
I need you to back up,
turn around,
hands behind your back
right now.
* *
We have you on trafficking
from the car switch.
You're going to jail.
And this bag guarantees
that once word gets out,
your husband will find you...
And kill you.
You know what happened
to his other wives?
- Yes.
- Then you should be scared.
- Is this how
you helped your ma?
- It's prison, get killed,
or you work with us.
- Is this how?
By becoming a cop?
- This came after.
- After what?
- Gloria, this offer
won't stand forever.
- This isn't a real offer.
- Yes, it is.
You wanted an escape,
and I'm handing you one.
- By helping the police.
By risking my life.
- You already were.
He controls what you eat,
what you wear, where you go,
how you spend your time...
how much of the bag you're left
holding, which is all of it.
- I don't need you
describing my life to me.
- He's got your life
in his fist.
Get out.
- I don't want it this way.
- The way doesn't matter.
- No, it matters.
To me.
I don't trust you.
- I know.
- I didn't know you were a cop,
and I'm really good
at reading people.
[soft dramatic music]
* *
- It'll be worth it.
I promise.
When it's over, you'll be free.
* *
- What would I have to do?
.
- We'll be outside, able
to see and hear everything.
Are you hearing this?
You can do this.
[Gloria sighs]
- I was 14 when I met Rafael.
Me and my family--
my family was poor and hungry.
So I made him notice me,
and he did, and...
he was hungry for my youth,
and I let him take it.
What did you do
to save your ma?
- You keep asking me that.
- Why won't you answer me?
- Everything looks good.
- Answer me.
- What are you doing?
You're messing with me?
- I didn't realize
you were a cop.
- Yeah, 'cause
I didn't want you to.
- Uh, no,
because it didn't fit.
You're not like them.
You seem like
something different.
- Like what?
[suspenseful music]
* *
- Is he ever gonna come down?
He ain't said two words to her
all night.
* *
- Here we go.
- You're cooking?
- I picked up some steaks
on the way home.
- Where were you all day?
- Shopping.
- Why the steaks?
- What's with all
the questions?
I just wanted to do
something nice for my husband.
Why are you so tense?
[Perez sighs]
Hmm?
Is everything okay
for the shipment tomorrow?
You know, I was thinking
that maybe I could go.
I've never been. I could help.
[Gloria gasps] I--no!
- You think I need your help?
Huh?
- Of course not.
- Do you think
I need you there?
- I think I love you.
I think I learn from you.
I think I wanna be close
to you because I'm your wife.
- She got a safe word.
- She's not gonna use it.
- You taught me
everything I know.
Please?
* *
- [speaking Spanish]
- Yes.
- Okay.
You can test the product.
Pick up a clean car
from Ultra.
Meet at the recycling center
by Midway.
Can you do that?
Eh?
- Yes.
* *
- Hmm.
- Hey. We got this.
- Hey.
My uncle's driving.
Says the bus will be here soon.
- Cool.
- Where's the boss?
- He's coming.
- Kev, how we looking?
- We're just five minutes out.
I got eyes on Perez
and we on the way.
- All right, copy.
Don't let him feel any heat.
- Yo, Sarge,
Perez just turned south.
I don't know what's up, but he
must be taking a longer route.
- He dusting himself?
- Mm-mm-mm.
* *
- Hey, are we waiting on the
boss or we good to strip?
We can't stand here.
- Strip it.
* *
- Sarge, we got a problem.
Perez just turned into
a grocery store lot.
- What--what do you mean
we got a problem?
He's parking?
- Yes, he's parking.
And he's not getting out.
He's just sitting there.
- What the hell is he doing?
He's not coming.
- Maybe Gloria tipped him off?
- I don't know what happened,
Sarge,
but I know he didn't make me.
I was far back.
- Something else
must have gone wrong.
- Voight, you want us
to move in anyway?
- Look, we move now,
we don't get Perez.
And if Gloria
didn't tip him off,
we're signing her death warrant
by moving.
- That's a lot of dope
to let walk.
* *
- No amount of dope
is worth a life.
We're not moving.
We are not moving.
Just follow the drug cars,
ID the stash houses,
and find out why the hell
Perez didn't show.
- We need Perez's word or what?
[notification chimes]
- Gloria.
Gloria?
- No. Move. Roll out.
* *
.
[tense music]
* *
- What the hell is going on?
Hmm?
Answer me.
Where the hell were your guys?
What's going on?
- We're doing a heat run.
- Why?
* *
Answer me.
Talk to me!
Just--
* *
What happened?
- Take a breath!
Take a breath.
Look, I don't know
what happened.
We don't know why
Perez didn't show.
That's why we're here.
We're in the clear.
Copy that. We'll stay here
till I hear your word.
* *
Who were you texting
back there?
- Why?
- Who were you
texting back there?
- What--my husband!
- Give me your phone.
Give me your phone.
- Why?
You think I tipped him off.
[scoffs]
* *
- What happened
after we left last night?
- I don't know, I--
I ate and I went to bed.
- And Perez?
- I don't know.
- Try.
- I--um--
it's--
he got a phone call,
something about--
- Uh-huh?
- About idiot Eric,
and then he went to bed.
- Was Eric supposed
to be there tonight?
- I don't know.
Yeah, probably. Maybe.
Yes.
Why does that matter?
- Sarge...
Eric Medina was supposed
to be at the shipment.
- All right, well,
we're right on top of him.
His phone's pinging right here.
* *
- Ruz?
- Yeah.
Okay.
I understand.
- What? What happened?
- We found Eric dead.
His tongue was cut out.
[Gloria sobs]
- That's what they do
to snitches.
[somber music]
Last night at the club when--
was that what the call
was about, Eric?
[stammers] Eric's run
his mouth off before about--
about shipments and locations.
When he gets high, he--
is that what it was about?
- Breathe.
- [panting]
Rafael just let me go
because he thought
Eric talked about the shipment.
He just--he just let me go.
[panting]
- It's gonna be okay.
- No way.
You don't have my husband.
You have nothing on him.
And you put me out here
for nothing.
For nothing!
- We're gonna
keep the case open.
We'll keep trying.
- He's gonna kill me.
He's gonna kill me.
- We're not gonna let that
happen.
Okay?
Hey, hey. Stop. Hey.
Stop, stop!
Yeah, stop!
Stop.
* *
- Right there. That.
You try to hide it,
but you can't.
You're just like me.
* *
[tense music]
[wolf howls]